Restructure editing the handbook (#46)
sourcegraph/handbook: content/editing/multiple-changes-single-pr.md

# Editing Multiple Files in a Single Pull Request

To make edits to multiple files and submit all of the edits as a group to be reviewed together, you will follow a more complex process than when editing a single file. This also is required for [adding new files](adding-new-files.md).

> NOTE: These steps are not exhaustively documented. Please [ask for help](../editing.md#how-to-get-help) as many times as you need to until you feel comfortable with this process.

A screen recording of how to make multiple changes in a single PR in the web interface for GitHub:

<iframe src="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1UL3JqbXEGLaVXEkk4G81wGO69z8J_Cbw/preview" width="560" height="315"></iframe>

### Steps:

_This is just one path for making multiple changes in a single PR in the Handbook. These steps can be completed in a different order, or outside of the Github web interface._

1. Visit the first handbook page you want to edit on about.sourcegraph.com.
1. Press the **Edit this page** button in the sidebar.

>    - If you don't see it, you may be viewing a page on about.sourcegraph.com that is not part of the handbook. Handbook pages all have the same design as the [main handbook page](https://about.sourcegraph.com/handbook). If it has a different design, [ask for help](#how-to-get-help).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - If you don't see it, you may be viewing a page on about.sourcegraph.com that is not part of the handbook. Handbook pages all have the same design as the [main handbook page](../main.md). If it has a different design, [ask for help](#how-to-get-help).
```

1. When you're happy with your edits, scroll to the bottom of the page to the **Commit changes** box.
   - Type a short, one-line summary of your change in the first text field (instead of the default `Update filename.md` text).
   - Type a more detailed explanation of your change in the larger text field.
   - Select the **Create a new branch for this commit and start a pull request** option (if it's not already selected).
   - Press the **Commit changes** button.
1. On the next page, click on the dropdown arrow on the “Create Pull Request” button, and choose “Create Draft Pull Request”. This will keep your PR from auto-notifying code owners or reviewers before it’s ready. Then, click “Draft Pull Request”.
   - You don't have to create a Draft Pull Request, and can create a regular one if you prefer. A Draft PR just indicates that you're still working on your changes.
1. In a new tab, navigate to the next page where you want to make changes.
   -You can do this in the same tab if you’d like, but it may be easier to keep your PR up in its own tab while you do this part.
1. Press the **Edit this page** button in the sidebar.

>    - If you don't see it, you may be viewing a page on about.sourcegraph.com that is not part of the handbook. Handbook pages all have the same design as the [main handbook page](https://about.sourcegraph.com/handbook). If it has a different design, [ask for help](#how-to-get-help).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - If you don't see it, you may be viewing a page on about.sourcegraph.com that is not part of the handbook. Handbook pages all have the same design as the [main handbook page](../index.md). If it has a different design, [ask for help](#how-to-get-help).
```
